a site must be have one more antennae. (ERROR)

a site must be have one more channels.  (ERROR)

each link must have at least one local antenna. (?)

each link must have at least one local channel. (?)

a link must have a matching link from the remote end's POV. (WARNING)

the antenna height should be between 0 and 300m. (WARNING)

The Vch calculated distance from the local antenna to the remote antenna
must be within 1 m of the value calculated by FtValidate and stored in the 'dist' column of table
ft_XXX_ante. (ERROR)

the distance between the two antennae in a link must be between 0 and 90 Km. (WARNING)

The Vch calculated elevation angle from the local antenna to the remote antenna
must be within 0.01 degrees of the value calculated by FtValidate and stored in the 'elvtn' 
column of table ft_XXX_ante. (ERROR)

The Vch calculated azimuth angle from the local antenna to the remote antenna
must be within 0.01 degrees of the value calculated by FtValidate and stored in the 'azmth' 
column of table ft_XXX_ante. (ERROR)

a channel cannot have the same Tx and Rx Frequencies. (WARNING)

a channel cannot have a non-zero Tx power if its Tx frequency is zero.


a channel's Tx power should be within the range 0 - 50 dBm. (WARNING) 

a channel's Tx power must be non-zero. (WARNING)

a channel cannot have a zero Rx power if its Rx frequency is non-zero. (WARNING)

a channel cannot have non-zero Rx power if its Rx frequency is zero. (ERROR)

a channel cannot have a zero feed system loss *to* its antenna if
its Tx frequency is non-zero. (WARNING)

a channel cannot have a non-zero feed system loss *to* its antenna if
its Tx frequency is zero. (WARNING)	

a channel cannot have a non-zero feed system loss *from* its antenna if
its Rx frequency is zero. (WARNING)

an Rx channel must have a designated primary Rx antenna. (ERROR)

the usage (ause) of the primary Rx antenna must be either 'RX' or 'TR'. (WARNING)

a link's local channel Rx frequency and the remote Tx frequency must be the same. (ERROR)


the remote end Tx antenna's 'acode' must already exist in the SDB table main.sd_ante. (ERROR)

a link's local Rx antenna 'acode' must already exist in the SDB table main.sd_ante. (ERROR)

Vch calculated Rx power must agree with the value stored in the 'pwrrx1'
column of table ft_XXX_chan within a tolerance of 0.01 dBm. (ERROR)

if a channel has antnumbrx2 != 0 then diversity antenna 1 (DV1) must exist in the
ft_XXX_ante table. (ERROR)  

the antenna code (acode) of DV1 must exist in the SDB main.sd_ante. (ERROR) (?)

the DV1 antenna's Rx power must be within 0.01 dBm of that calculated by
FtValidate and stored in column 'pwrrx2' of ft_XXX_chan.

if a channel has antnumbrx3 != 0 then diversity antenna 2 (DV2) must exist in the
ft_XXX_ante table. (ERROR)  

the antenna code (acode) of DV2 must exist in the SDB main.sd_ante. (ERROR) (?)

the DV2 antenna's Rx power must be within 0.01 dBm of that calculated by
FtValidate and stored in column 'pwrrx3' of ft_XXX_chan.

a channel whose Rx frequency is non-zero must have a primary antenna in table ft_XXX_ante. (ERROR)

the remote end of a link must exist. (WARNING)
